times change
you do what you gotta do
some kids most employers don't want
mothers it's a competitive market you
don't know me
for money
you survived
now might be the time so what
feel my husband's have 24 months left on
her senses sorry baby
this is divers mom organized crimes
we're gonna take care of you you girls
gonna be just fully we got no money you
can't even make the rent with what they
gave me last night they didn't want me
in the family in the first place 40
years they pay protection away don't get
nothing for it
I have been homeless forever that we are
never gonna do anything but have babies
bunch of men that have forgotten what
family means so we remind them no pretty
mama pretty doesn't man was just a tool
women used what anything we want what do
you want everywhere can see you got
brains and I know you got money but we
got one thing that you don't
criminals so you can't go around walking
for a bunch of women who are not smarter
than me I will wipe you off the face of
the earth
I don't want you to die
and I want you to teach me how to it
just to be clear now we run this
neighborhood
step off my business baby my business
left they're gonna swallow this entire
city you go to war
there's no coming back how also Peretti
wants to talk if we go to Brooklyn we're
dead
what do you wear to something like that
you get dressed up thank you
[Music]
my god I lost count again